# Gridshells-EQCS

Linear and nonlinear finite element analysis of grid shells with a planar square boundary and with various span, span-to-height ratio, grid density, and circular hollow cross-section sizes. With the analysis, the internal forces and the ultimate load are determined. The results are investigated based on the equivalent continuum shell theory. Based on the results, a preliminary desing method is proposed. This study is detailed in Chapter 4 of my dissertation submitted for the degree of PhD at Budapest University of Technology and Economics. Some additional investigations of Cahpter 3 are also available.

Guide to folders:

- Linear: Jupyter files for section 4.2.2 of dissertation;

- Nonlinear: Jupyter files for section 4.2.3 of dissertation;

- Desing curves: Jupyter files for sections 4.2.4-4.2.6 of dissertation;

- Shape+Grid pattern for Chapter 3: Jupyter files for sections 3.3-3.4 of dissertation;

- Saved results: all analysis results of the above sections;

- Saved particle-spring shapes: saved grid shell geometric data generated by particle-spring simulation (Chapter 3);

- TEKNO: pyhton functions and objects utilzed by the above Jupyter files. 

In the Jupyter files you can either rerun the analyis (Analysis), or you can load the saved results (Load Results). In the Jupyter file names, HV indicates grid shells with horizontal and vertical supports, while V indicates grid shells with only vertical supports.

All finite element analysis are performed using OpenSeesPy: https://openseespydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

Kitti Gidofalvy: Numerical studies of free-form single-layer grid shells on a square plan
